I heard of guys and today we have
another pack opening and I know I did
save here over 80 likes pickles or you
know some of the somewhere around 80 and
you guys you know smashed it once again
so you don't say like I promised I'm
gonna do another pack opening with this
current team in a week which does
feature you know Suarez Iniesta and
Torres I'm gonna you know stand up plays
in the team of the week but anyway makes
it before we start if you guys can hit
85 likes on this then you know that I'll
be amazing like I say you smashed it
last time sort of no reason you can do
it this time anyway we'll get on with it
so we're going to spend 100k hopefully
you know package team of the week soon
so which failed last time so I'll even
get a decent player so this time maybe
you know the locks in our favor well
imma go we're gonna spend this you know
100k lots of a see what we get okay so
first pact not to bad for to the same
time the foe was only inform what not
was it last week's team enrico team week
before and we managed just the packaging
which is pretty I'm not happy with you
know we could have got an informed the
pho but nonetheless you know I'll keep
him I may ease at one point but apart
from that no there's nothing else I want
a key okay so sick of pack we've got
doom boa she's not too bad I guess you
know the pace but fit into it fitting
him into a team is gonna be harder
percent really heard about what will
permit heard much about him dis FIFA to
be fair so you know like i said store
him as well but i haven't really heard
much Vybz I don't know he's any good oh
wow we just got this one matter I don't
know if he goes what if it does he
actually go for anything let me just
have a quick check I know when he got
transferred is going for so much only
because they were transferred bought oh
I don't know a lot of checking him out I
like I'm so like with a list on the
hunter market compair price there's just
a bit of a bit of a shock okay okay 30k
okay not bad not a bad little pull I
didn't think he went for that much to be
honest bought 30 k i'm happy with will
definitely send him to a trade mouse at
trade my lat trade pale so we'll send
him like it's a trade pounce on him I
lied to him but that's not a bad little
poll to be fair like say I went for
nothing so
well nothing I mean something like no 12
kaysville right so in this plaque we've
actually got no players okay to
duplicate so k so oh wow those two
aren't that bad I'll definitely yeah
I'll send him to the trade pile pedrad
oh I send him to trade father mama she
goes taught me about 1.2 but it's still
not too bad from simply Viking pack you
know all these contracts i would keep
well you've actually see how many
concerts got my clothes I've got you
know loads basically guy over 300
okay so we just got Marcelo in a pack
which he was informed last week I do
believe he was informed last week which
is such and it will unless a structure
known which don't make sensible annoying
because we did we got the foe who was
informed i think maybe to team and weeks
ago maybe blast team that week i'm not
too sure on that they got Marcel of you
was team in a week last week now that is
just taking the mick but you know I
guess you're gonna live without sauce
door but marsala you know because does
go private I like to only go on to our
last pack now but like see if you did
enjoy it will he have enjoyed this pack
opening you know then do leave a like
down below also leave a comment down
below on what place you are pulled the
drawing this team of the week let's say
it'd be fascinating to see anyway in
this last pack who ever get i'm not
going to skip it we're going to see we
get here we go okay a non rare gold
right what I was looking for binary we
didn't get any seven races Paul which is
not too bad I guess you know Marcelo all
that PhD killers really nice we're gonna
make that as alway kit so in a bit
deductive but yeah lexii we got you know
Marcelo you no matter really get the
flow he wasn't the team a couple of
weeks ago you know which is you know is
annoying but I see you gotta live with
it but anyway did enjoy living like the
below and also a comment and also
subscribe for more and I'll leave and
I'll see you all next time